---
title: Week XI
layout: post
author: noah.parry
permalink: /week-xi/
source-id: 1clT1b6yDWJUHPhL3PVIQPRYnVE6pEJNphcD35aBlIL0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week XI</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>6/12/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>The lights</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have completed our exercise on the lights for today.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>We did not accomplish our goal today, as a result of confusion.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We followed the book to the letter… And to the number, as the wire configuration was purely based on where the ends went. Our entire program was riding on the wires being in the correct place. We learnt that the code can sometimes be written in the 'ultimate(?)' section of the code, as well as in the ‘other bit.’</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We need to read the instructions more thoroughly, so that we see ( preferably before the end of the lesson ) the correct things to write, but more than this… where to write them. To improve this, chatter will be kept at a minimum, and the person reading will have to READ the text properly.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As said before, chatter will be kept as low as possible, only to talk when issuing instructions, so that there will be less room for error and silliness, AND, the person reading will have to read properly. The way to enforce the second one, is to give the reader a couple of minutes, to digest the text, and then ( only then ) will we begin. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


