---
title: week V
layout: post
author: noah.parry
permalink: /week-vi/
source-id: 14-L6ICHo4Kr27Ubgnux_EGJ-UkINZYDSWl5qxGVz4ic
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week V</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>11/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Page 34</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To reach page 36</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> My group managed to exceed our targets, and reached page 40,        with a couple of minor issues.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, again, we used our collaborative structure, where we all do certain parts of the coding. In today's lesson, at first I was in control of the mouse, before proceeding to be the reader of the code. To help make the code run smoother, this week, we decided to use our own questions and statements in the code. This gave a personalised effect to our code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The minor issues, which were mentioned earlier, consisted of numerous commands being placed at the same time. What happened was, when preparing to run our script (at this time I was reading the code), I gave the command to write end and press f3. At the same time, my partner leon said to press f3. This meant that ludo (who was typing) had to choose which one of us to listen to. This lead to an argument, which then, accidentally, led to the eventual deletion of the entire 42 lines of code. To make sure that this does NOT happen again, the reader should be the ONLY person giving commands.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>To improve the writing, accuracy, and efficiency of my code, I will try to put in place a set of rules to making code. These rules will have the gist that:
-the reader of the code is the ONLY one reading out the code.
-the person writing has to be sensible and ONLY write sensible and mature things.
-the person with the mouse must wait for a role to occur for them to do. They will NOT interfere with the person reading.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


