---
title: Week IX
layout: post
author: noah.parry
permalink: /week-ix/
source-id: 1yADTL5GS1LTtaR1ZpJPKJTpLzi3PVXVPN2j9JaKudV0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week IX</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>22/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>2.3</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>2.6</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, and we saved this time, as opposed to last time where I deleted (we deleted) all of our progress by accident.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We changed our 'only saving at the end of the script' to where we saved every 2 minutes. This was effective because, at the end of the process, we managed to play our game. This was fun, and we all had a go. The game mentioned was a number guessing game, where you had ten guesses to find a number between 1 and 100. We also did a mathematics script, which created mathematical equations.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think we did well this lesson, with no stand out issues that come to mind. However, I would have liked to have been able to understand the code more in the second two scripts ( the mathematical equation making one ) so that I can use the ideals behind it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will think more about the code as I read, write or click on it. To attempt this, I will keep trying to figure out the code, so that I might grow to understand the way in which they work, and whether there are any patterns as to how and why things occur when they do.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


