---
title: Week VI
layout: post
author: noah.parry
permalink: /week-vii/
source-id: 1_chW3bfYrAwS3oNTd0tv5apDvZhOdH6l_hp-rB77DGg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>WEEK VI</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>18/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Page 40</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To reach page 42 (without an issue)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, although it was an exceedingly long program that we were working on today.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The exceedingly long project that I mentioned previously was the program which performs a guessing game. This takes a long time because it has to randomly select a number, and then the player has to guess it. To do this you have to give the player an idea of where the number is (higher or lower than their previous guess) which means you have to do a lot of stuff.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We as a group need to work on efficiency. I put in place this week the rules in my last blog, and they had surprising results. For example, we had no confusion today, but we did have a lot slower work produce. This is most likely because the person doing the mouse is not allowed to tell the person typing what to type- but this could mean that they can't fill in words when the reader misses them or loses his place in the text.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will think on whether or not to enforce these rules, as it may help me in the future. This decision will affect me by determining whether or not I will be able to be as efficient or my code will be safer. Next time I will write on what decision I made and how it affected me and my learning. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


