---
title: Week XIV
layout: post
author: noah.parry
permalink: /week-xiv/
source-id: 1WDhFq0BmMSW9KpTw9iy1Te-jGu8FZbCpxQuDwAg9dj0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Codecademy, Python</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>31/01/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>14% of course</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have bettered my understanding of python and to have achieved a higher percentage.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> I did achieve my target of reaching a higher percentage (19%) and I do feel as if I can build more complex code after todays lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As said before, in a previous blog, it does REALLY help if you READ the instructions. I am doing this and it is really usefull. Actually it is also really good to read the example above the instructions. If you read this, it does help with your interpretation of the instructions. This is important because it helps you to, when you need to, build your own code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I do need to stop using the hint when I don't really need too. It is not that I am lazy, I just sometimes find it too hard to complete the code without a prompt. If I do not use it, I doubt I could complete them so quickly.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try not to rely on the hints as much, and this will improve my learning by the fact that by the second section, where there are no hints, I won’t be stuck not knowing what to do. Also, it will help me to use my initiative in exercises where I need to adapt, and use my skills WITHOUT RELYING ON THE HINT!!!!!! </td>
  </tr>
</table>


