---
title: XVIII
layout: post
author: noah.parry
permalink: /xviii/
source-id: 11VeCVwxk75aAYh1T2BVIPEhMazRAEHndFXGXrDkM5Dk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week XVIII</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>07/03/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>33%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>36%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>No, 33%. This is probably because I do not advance until I complete the section.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today the instructions were really usefull, and you needed to use all of your past knowledge of syntax and functions. I am on the planning a holiday section which requires mathematical knowledge as well as knowledge of python. The one exercise that took the longest today was planning the car rent tax. If you borrow a car for more than 7 days, you get $50 off. If you have the car for more than 3 days but less than 7 days then you get $20 off. 1 day is $40. You had to create code that specified this. Trust me when I say FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS! </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today I met no real difficulties, and the only time I had to resort to trial and error was during the exercise mentioned above. This was good because you should never put in random code without understanding what it does.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I actually feel that there is nothing I want to change from this lesson, as it went very well, by any standard, other than that of the percentages. As I have said before, the reason there has been no advancement in my percentage score was because I have to complete the holiday section before I get any higher. However, I do wish to put into this blog that if there is an advancement in my score then I have assumed wrong. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


