---
title: Week XII
layout: post
author: noah.parry
permalink: /week-xii/
source-id: 1_GnFoftwhYn7T9xi1DEwhNCeFHq0-y4iE-FyjhC31oY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week XII</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>18/01/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Beginning of Python Coding!!!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have tested python and begun writing code!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Well, yes! Yes I did… eventually. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The strategy I used was to READ what I was meant to do, so that I could do it. That may sound obvious, but I wanted to stress that so many people have assumed they knew what they were doing, and they got themselves into a mess. Moving on, another thing that helped me was THE HINT!!! ( Not really that big a deal, just the answer when you get a bit stuck. ) Of course THE HINT is only for when you ARE ACTUALLY STUCK, and not just for when you can't be bothered. And so, in this fashion, I only used THE HINT when I needed it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think the errors in my strategy are yet to be revealed, although I DO know that I need to TYPE A LITTLE FASTER!!! This is because I may be falling behind because of my inability to TYPE quickly!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I doubt that the issue of my TYPING BLUES is going to impair my learning ability, though I know that I will change my speed, and try to move through the exercises as quic… No, not as quickly as possible, just… quickly enough that I can still be able to learn code, which is THE MAIN IDEA , and still not fall behind.

Thank You very much for taking the time to read my blog, I hope you enjoyed it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


