---
title: I.T Blog
layout: post
author: noah.parry
permalink: /i.t-blog/
source-id: 1gZqerZEAQi9jhXEl3rNOvuFyxcjIr9r_kJ_-188qQio
published: true
---
Week I,II,III and IV

**_	_**The past four weeks, I and my classmates have been working on encoding secret messages, on Google sheets. The code we are using is the standard caesar shift, where columns of letters, numbers and digits slide up and down, thus changing the position of the alphabetic sequence. This, when done by hand, is exceedingly tedious, and laborious, and overall, just BORING, so we used a code. The code we are using to create the shift is V-LOOKUP a term that can be explained in more detail.  V-LOOKUP stands for vertical lookup, eg. looking up a column. To make this usefull, we wrote the alphabet. Next to this we wrote the shifted alphabet. (in my case, it began with yosemit nal prk because this was the key. The reason there are letters missing is because you CANNOT use the same letters twice in a caesar shift, like the alphabet.) I then entered the rest of the alphabet remaining, ending up with a distinct pattern between two different columns of letters. After finding the correct code (I'm not going to publish it, because you can have fun finding it yourself, reader) I had to find a way to DE-CODE my message. The natural solution is to do the code backwards, and in many ways, this would be correct, except it isn’t. You would need to add an extra column, and then do exactly the same thing as you did earlier, with this extra column and the second column, not the first column. (Yep, that’s right, not going to publish the code here either…). This last week, we have been trying to concatenate the coded message into one google sheets cell, and back out again. As of yet, I am yet to perfect this, but will keep trying. 

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vRmfclY_UcEIdMe8Hw_IDXrVLtPsBooxuSuEBed0kXxJcMoIJ5uWPsbPNNi42JAvetrlTJd5kmgma4W/pubhtml?widget=true&amp;headers=false"></iframe>

END 

	

