---
title: Week XVI
layout: post
author: noah.parry
permalink: /week-xvi/
source-id: 13XCzpGQqzQm1IxJiMP_K7j7NnfYwtIPuxNMg18ICow8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week XVI</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/2/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>23% </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>27% </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes!!! 28%!!!!</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>At this point, the main goal was to finish Pyg Latin, the section I had just started. And as well as this, I had to complete a previous exercise I had skipped by accident! So, I completed the previous exercise using trial and error, and it worked. However, Pyg Latin was challenging. At one stage, I asked my teacher, Mr Keen, for help. This was very helpful, as he forced me to look at all of it logically, and this helped me solve the problem.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need not to be distracted from my tasks so easily. Today my focus was drawn to my blog, the board and a chair leg, as opposed to my work. I need to be more vigilant, and stay on track, so that I can complete tasks quicker. This said, I did reach my target of 27%, and that was pretty cool!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try not to be drawn to distractions quite so easily, and set myself larger targets to fulfill. These will help me because I will not be able to slack from my work if I have still got a long way to go. Also, not getting distracted is a good habit! Though I am usually quite focuses, I want to be able to complete as much work as possible in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


