---
title: Week XVII
layout: post
author: noah.parry
permalink: /week-xvii/
source-id: 1Qp0Qcq93NfvZEzyQFLyvF5uZigpBxL-f_56Xw1dJcL8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week XVII</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28/02/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>28%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>34%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> No, but I did reach 33%, which is still good, as it is 5%higher than my starting point.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Trial and error was an incredible way to surge through the exercises and make it to the target I set. I finished the function area of the python code using this, which proves my point. As well as this, I also requested an assist from the hint (pardon the odd use of words). Sometimes the hint is completely useless, but on several occasions it has helped me to complete my task.
  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Though trial and error might be a good idea in the long run, it ultimately takes longer to do. I took a very long time  to complete the review of functions, which was the final (and only) exercise which would let me gain my quota of exercises (5%). I completed it painstakingly at home in homework time, and would like not to have to do so again next week.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will It improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>To make sure that I do not have to take so long next week, I will try to complete the tasks within the lesson time and use the hint and my own ingenuity to do them. I could also go back and revisit topics I covered previously, to refresh my memory. This will help me by letting me remember the stuff I need to know, and learning how to use them without  it being handed to me on a silver platter.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


